Folks, we're starting
our initial descent into Austin,
so we're gonna ask you to return
to your seats now.
We should have you on the ground
in about 15 minutes.
You okay?
You sure this is a good idea?
Here you go, Bailey.
One for you, Suz.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
We could have shared popcorn.
Two is so extra.
- You okay?
- Apparently, I'm extra.
I've been extra eight
or nine times this week.
I'm starting
to think of it as a compliment.
You sure this is a good idea?
Yeah. I'm pretty sure.
I mean, separating what they want
from what you want
from what's actually best for them
makes for a lot of tricky decisions.
You weren't one of them.
I find that hard to believe.
Yeah, it's 'cause I know
something you don't know.
Oh, yeah? What's that?
You are absolutely gonna be
what's best for her.
And, you know, me.
Do you want my jacket?
No.
Thanks.
Jesus.
We're gonna figure this out.
Uh-huh.
I was thinking we should start
at the stadium.
- What?
- I've been researching childhood memories.
Okay.
And it seems that if we go
to the stadium, it might--
You might be able
to remember more details.
You get this from one of your hippie
woodworking clients?
It's wood turning, and this is
a real thing. I read about it in Psych--
Please tell me this whole adventure
doesn't hinge on me
remembering stuff from, like,
a zillion years ago.
- Hey, y'all. Seat belts fastened?
- Yeah, they're fastened.
I get it. I have a teenager myself.
I'm not hers.
Hey, it's me.
Figured I could give you a ride.
But you probably already left.
You getting any service?
I still have no bars.
- Maybe someone's tracing your phone.
- What?
I was kidding.
Try clicking it in and out
of airplane mode.
You didn't miss anything, by the way.
Dad didn't call.
Welcome to Town Hotel.
- You ladies need a bellhop?
- We're good, thanks.
You coming?
Go ahead. I'll be right there.
Just get in line.
Hey, it's Jake. I need to talk
to you, and the sooner, the better.
The FBI wants to set up formal interview,
which means either they know more
about Owen than they're saying,
or they think they have something on you.
Point is, I don't get you
in front of them soon,
they're gonna start treating you like
a hostile witness.
So I need you to call me back, like, now.
- Who called?
- Just a friend in LA.
- A friend?
- Hi, y'all!
Welcome to Austin.
What can I help you with?
Just checking in for Max Parnes.
Did you bring wigs
and a fake mustache too?
So, he has been
our team mascot since 1916.
Pop quiz. Does anyone know
what the mascot was before Bevo?
I think it was a dog.
Eighth largest stadium in the world.
- At least that's what Wikipedia says.
- An owl.
Wow, are you on a TLC show?
What's going on over here, sir?
Yeah, I see you with the Rice Owls shirt.
What's going on there?
Who let this guy on the tour, huh?
Let's latch on with them.
- It's hot and this is dumb.
- Okay, maybe, but--
Just saying,
this all feels like a waste of time.
Would you rather be in school?
Will you just try coming inside?
Can we start there?
Do I have a choice?
Yes. Always. With me, you always do.
All righty, and if you follow me,
we'll make our way to the field.
That means you too, Mr. Owl. I'll show you
what a real stadium looks like.
That big enclosure y'all saw
on the way in is where we keep Bevo.
So I'm supposed to-- What?
Close my eyes and chant something?
The articles I read just said to try
to take the place in.
Just feel what it's like now
so you can remember what it was like then.
Where'd you get these articles?
Psychology Today.
Max sent an article
in Scientific American.
I'm not feeling anything. Shocker, right?
Maybe we should try somewhere else.
It's the eighth largest stadium
in the world, Hannah.
There are thousands of seats here.
- I'm not saying we should try all of them.
- Good.
Bailey?
I think it was, I--
- I think I was--
- You were here.
Yeah.
But my dad, he was wearing a suit.
At a football game?
Yeah, it's weird, right? I--
It doesn't make any sense.
But it's funny, I remember being
kind of uncomfortable too,
like, itchy, like I was in a dress.
You said you were visiting friends here.
Were you coming from somewhere else,
a party, or something?
I think we were at a party.
A wedding, maybe?
I think we walked here from there.
- From the wedding?
- Yeah.
No, I-- I'm not--
I'm not sure.
Two in section 40-C.
- Yeah, I see them.
- Let's go.
If you walked here,
the church could be close.
Okay, but I--
What?
My dad, it was like he loved it.
- The game?
- Yeah. The game, the team, the stadium.
All of it. But--
Your dad doesn't like football.
No.
Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Hey. Making any progress?
Maybe.
Bailey thinks she was here for a wedding.
I thought if I can find the church,
I might be able to figure out
whose wedding it was,
- and maybe talk to them and--
- Okay. How can I help?
My Internet is spotty. Can you get
me a list of all the churches near DKR?
Bailey thinks they walked here,
so maybe all the churches
in a two mile radius?
Slow down. Slow down.
Let me get to my desk, okay?
Yeah, yeah. Thanks.
Okay. I'm at my computer.
All churches within two miles of DKR?
And a list of the weekend home games
during the 2011 season.
- Would that be hard to find?
- You know how many sports sites
are out there for all
the fantasy stat nerds?
Hi, I'm Hannah. Have we met?
Okay, a lot, all right?
There are a lot.
Okay. So not hard?
- Nope. Just 2011?
- I think so.
Bailey's pretty sure her mom
was at the wedding.
So, the game had to be before 2012.
And in 2010,
she would've been barely three, so--
So 2011's the only year
she would remember.
- Yeah. I think so.
- Okay. Got it.
Hey, Han. It's Max. How's Bailey?
Not great. You think I'm crazy
for bringing her down here, don't you?
I think it's much better
you're out of town.
Story's only getting worse here.
Worse how?
Well, my sources are saying
that the scope of the investigation
is changing by the hour.
Last I heard,
all senior staff could be indicted.
I haven't heard Owen's name yet,
but it's--
- I'm assuming, you know, he's--
- Guys, I gotta call you back.
Bailey?
Bailey!
Jesus.
I had no idea where you went.
I texted you. You were on the phone.
I texted you I was coming in here.
Bailey, it doesn't matter.
You cannot disappear like that.
Okay. Can you just chill?
Bailey, listen to me. With everything
going on, you have to stay with me.
We need to stay together.
I was supposed to block my solo today.
I had all these ideas.
And I-- I'd started talking
to Mr. K. about it,
and he kept saying he was really
looking forward to it and...
guess that's a stupid thing
to care about now.
No, it's not.
And we'll get back to that, Bailey.
All of it. I promise.
What if he doesn't come back?
He's coming back.
How do you know?
You're here, for starters.
That's Jules.
She's working on the list of churches.
Let's take it one step at a time.
Hey, everything okay?
Yeah. Sorry about that.
- No worries. I just sent you a list.
- Great.
You have to know, there are a bunch.
That's all right.
I think we could use the distraction.
Okay, well,
- keep me posted, all right?
- Thanks.
This isn't gonna get any better for them,
is it?
Not anytime soon.
First one's just down the block.
How many are there?
There's about a dozen,
but only three or four
that are a reasonable walk to the stadium,
especially with a four-year-old.
- You gonna get that?
- Yeah.
Hello?
Hannah? It's me.
Not Dad, huh?
Hannah, you there?
- Hey, Belle.
- Hannah, I've been trying to reach you.
It's not really a great time to talk.
Yes, I know. That's why we're calling.
She's on.
Hey, Hannah.
Avett.
I've been trying to reach your husband.
I was hoping you could help me
out with that.
- I'll let him know you called.
- Great.
This whole thing is gonna shake out.
We're innocent. You know that, Hannah.
I mean, I'm-- Hell, I'm an entrepreneur,
and your husband's a genius.
I don't have to tell you that.
After all, it is his tech.
I think you mean the company's tech.
Of course. Of course.
My point is that this whole thing
is clearly a setup.
Okay, and who exactly is setting you up?
How the hell should I know?
The government? A competitor?
But we gotta beat this, 'cause I have
worked too damn hard for too damn long
to be taken down
by some accounting mishap.
Wait, so is it an accounting mishap
and not a setup?
Are you just saying whatever
you think will get you off the hook?
Excuse me?
Just trying to figure out
what you want here, Avett.
I am trying to help here, Hannah.
The FBI is coming for Owen next,
and I know he does not wanna be
on the wrong side of this.
Not with his history.
- What history?
- Just have Owen get in touch.
My lawyers have been trying to reach him
and we wanna make sure
that he talks to them
before he talks to anybody else.
We both know that is
in Owen's best interest.
No, I don't know.
I'm not following, Avett. What history?
You really don't know?
Then why'd you skip town, Hannah?
Who says I skipped town?
Just tell Owen he needs to call me.
What was that about?
Nothing. Don't worry about it.
You know I could actually hear Avett, so--
I'm just trying to protect you
from this stuff, Bailey.
You can't. No one can.
So how about you just tell me the truth?
I think Avett was calling
to threaten me. To threaten us.
He sounded guilty, or at least like
he's trying to cover something up.
And he seemed surprised that your dad
disappeared instead of holing up with him.
So he said my dad was guilty?
Certainly wants us to think that.
And to think he had something
over your father.
Bailey, Avett is just--
he's just trying to cover his own ass.
And for the record, the more people try
to convince me your dad's guilty,
the more I believe he isn't.
Maybe that's naive, but I don't know,
there's something in my gut
that says he's--
he's doing whatever he's doing for us.
For you.
You know, when I said,
to tell me the truth,
I just meant, like,
don't lie about who's on the phone.
Right.
So that was extra?
Yeah.
But in a good way.
- What?
- Something about that tower.
- Does it look familiar?
- More than the last two.
I thought it looked familiar, but...
- where's the next one?
- We should take a break.
Let's go back to the hotel
and get a fresh start tomorrow.
Fresh start on what, Hannah?
We're nowhere.
We're not nowhere.
Look at what you've already remembered.
What, Hannah? What have I remembered?
That I went to a football game
with my father.
That doesn't tell us anything.
And for all we know,
I might be remembering it wrong.
It could've been anywhere.
Bailey.
I think it was here.
- You wanna know what now?
- We just need a list of the weddings
that your pastor performed on game days
during the 2011 football season.
I've already handled most of the legwork.
I've got the dates right here.
There were only five home games.
Uh-huh. Yeah. I'm not
at liberty to give out that information.
You're not at liberty? Really?
I think what Bailey is trying to say is
these are pretty unusual circumstances.
- Maybe you could make an exception.
- I am sorry
that your husband is missing,
and I'm sure you're going through a lot.
But that's just not something we do.
We could sit here and read the names.
Nothing would leave this room.
I'm afraid we have to protect the privacy
of our congregants.
You cannot be serious.
Jesus, who do you think we are?
I'm going to need to excuse myself, friends.
We have a Bible study group starting up,
and I need to prepare for that.
Ms. McGovern,
Bailey didn't mean to be rude.
But you heard
what's going on with her father
and family means everything to us.
You understand that, don't you?
If you were standing here,
what would you hope I'd do?
Because I know I would try
to help you out.
It would be an act of true kindness.
The names can't leave this room.
Go on, have a seat.
Thank you, seriously.
Don't thank me. Thank your stepmother.
Hey, I gotta take this.
- Hey.
- Where have you been?
Sorry, it's been--
You can't ask for my help
and then just disappear.
I got it. What's up?
The Shop COO just got indicted.
- Jordan?
- How closely did Owen work with him?
Jordan was Avett's number two, so...
- Closely.
- Yeah.
Hannah, I gotta be honest.
It's not looking real good for Owen.
- If I were his lawyer--
- Well, you're not.
Yep, you're right. And frankly,
I don't give a shit about your husband.
But I do care about you.
You need to protect yourself here.
The FBI is asking for an interview.
You have to sit with them.
I know. I just--
I need you to buy me one more day, Jake.
Pissing off the FBI is not a good idea.
I know how they operate
in cases like this.
They could charge you with obstruction.
They could try and charge you
as an accessory.
Not to mention leaving Owen's kid vulnerable
to a custody claim from extended family.
No. Owen doesn't have extended family.
That you know of.
Have you heard anything
from your private investigator?
He said he'd have something
by the end of day.
Avett called.
He made it seem like he knew
something damaging about Owen.
About his history, I mean.
This is exactly what I'm saying.
If Owen was involved in something shady,
you need to make it obvious to the Feds
that you didn't have the slightest idea.
You need to cooperate,
so they believe you're telling the truth
no matter what comes out.
I am telling the truth.
Then let me set something up
with them for tomorrow morning.
I can come up to SF
if you want counsel in person.
You want me
to make up numbers and dates?
- No, it's not--
- I gotta go.
- Wait, Hannah--
- Get me one more day, Jake.
- Please.
- Please lower your voice.
- This is wrong.
- Could you check your tone?
It doesn't make sense.
Check in another book.
- No, the book is not wrong.
- I was here.
- Look at every one of these dates, you--
- Can you check it again?
- What's going on?
- No. I checked it twice.
It doesn't make any sense. I was here.
According to my records, we were closed
for construction in the fall of 2011.
Our doors shut on September 1st
and they didn't reopen until March.
There was no services,
no ceremonies, no weddings.
I was here. I know I was here.
Well, maybe you have the year wrong.
No, we don't have the year wrong.
- It had to have been 2011.
- Then it wasn't here.
Are there any other churches
that look like this nearby?
I don't think so.
Why don't you leave me your number,
and I'll call you if I remember anything.
Like you're gonna remember anything.
- Bailey.
- Whatever. I'm so done with this.
- I'm sorry. I appreciate your help.
- It's fine.
I know it isn't me she's angry with.
If you think of anything,
even if it feels unimportant, please call.
I will.
Who does this to his family?
Someone without a choice.
- What you doing there, pal?
- Who the fuck are you?
- I'm a friend of Owen's.
- You're a friend.
Colleague, more like.
Eric Cousins.
Head of security for The Shop.
So Avett sent you?
He's just concerned
about Owen's well-being.
Is that what he's concerned about?
I'll tell you what.
Why don't you let Avett know
that if he sends anyone else,
I'll see to it that Judge Bari
revokes his bail.
Now, go on. Get going.
Where'd you go, Hannah?
Jesus.
Do you know the secret
of a good grilled cheese?
Coating the bread in mayo
instead of butter.
Please tell me that's not how you make
grilled cheese at home.
Afraid so.
That was the one thing I actually liked
about you.
What are you doing here?
So, I know the churches were a bust...
but I was thinking maybe we can still
find a record of the wedding.
- We could head down to the Statesman.
- The Statesman?
It's a local paper. Jules has a contact.
I thought we could go through the archives
and look at
the wedding announcements in 2011.
No. We're not gonna find anything here.
Well, at the very least,
I want to go to the US Marshals' office.
Ask someone what Deputy Bradford
was doing on our doorstep.
Why?
What difference is it gonna make, Hannah?
Dad's gone. He hasn't
called or emailed or anything.
He doesn't wanna be found.
Okay,
but there may be a good reason for that.
Something we need to find out.
No, you're just making shit up now
to make yourself feel better.
But we're not gonna feel better,
'cause this fucking sucks.
Whatever's going on, he clearly was
into something he didn't tell us about.
And me and you playing Encyclopedia Brown
isn't going to change anything.
- Don't you get that?
- Slow down.
No, no. You're not hearing me.
I just-- I wanna go home.
No, Dad.
You're not hearing me.
What's going on?
Bobby's parents invited Bailey
on their boat.
You said "no."
About as quickly as you can say it.
I mean, she's barely 16.
They'll have minimal supervision.
On a boat?
It's a big boat.
Well,
I think that's a reasonable decision.
Yeah.
So why are you down here
sitting in the dark,
clutching her piggy bank?
Her grandmother
bought her this the day she was born.
Soon I'm not going to be able
to tell her "no."
She's gonna leave,
do exactly what she wants,
and I don't think I ever
fully thought about that.
Or maybe I just didn't let myself.
Ah, man.
There's gonna come a time when
I won't be able to keep her safe anymore.
Not from anything.
Hey.
How'd the churches pan out?
Not so great. I think we're
gonna head home tomorrow.
Well, I'll be happy to see you.
- What?
- I just--
Bailey is so out of sorts here.
Makes me wonder.
I'm pretty sure Bailey would be
out of sorts wherever she was.
I don't know. I think maybe it's
because we're onto something.
Then again, maybe I'm just trying to avoid
dealing with the shit show back there.
You know, you have pretty good instincts.
Which is why I haven't spoken
to my husband in three days.
Go easy on yourself, would you?
Not in my nature. Are you still at work?
I just left. Why?
Could you stop at my place on your way
home? I'm sure it's nothing,
but there's a piggy bank in Bailey's room
I want you to look at.
Piggy bank?
Is that some kind of tech bro euphemism?
I wish.
No, there was this weird file on Owen's
laptop that was password-protected,
and the hint was "L. Paul." Lady Paul,
which I think is also
the name on the piggy bank.
And I stopped believing in coincidences
about 48 hours ago.
Okay, I'll head there now.
I don't deserve you.
Nobody does.
Call you when I get there.
- Bails?
- Hey.
So, the s'mores worked. Noted.
- What?
- Are you at home?
Open your front door.
I'm actually in Austin.
Austin? Why?
Good question. I don't know.
Hiding out from all my fans.
Well, I hate to break it to you,
but you're no longer trending.
- Really?
- Yep.
Livvy and Alex ended things
in pretty spectacular fashion.
What happened?
Let's just say it involved a large bottle
of Diet Coke
being poured over Alex's head.
I have never been so relieved
to not matter.
Good. So, should I come
rescue you from your wicked stepmother?
She's maybe not the worst person ever.
I'm sorry,
thought I was talking to Bailey Michaels.
Hello?
What the fuck is this?
Whoever's in here, I just called 911!
Jules?
What the hell are you doing here?
I need to talk to Hannah.
What, so you just let yourself
into her house?
Well, the door was wide open.
But it's great to see you too.
- Is she here?
- No. She's not here.
- Well, I need to talk to her.
- God. About what?
I need to tell her directly.
Well, you're going to have to tell me
directly first, Jake.
'Cause I'm the only one who knows
where she is.
Hey. Did you find the piggy bank?
Yeah.
But...
can Bailey hear you?
No, she's asleep. Why? What's going on?
Jake's here. I'm gonna put him on.
What? Why is Jake there?
Hey.
What are you doing in my house?
I wanted to be here.
I needed to tell you this in person.
Tell me what? Jake.
I heard back from my investigator.
It took him a minute because, well,
Owen and Bailey's histories
are inconsistent.
What do you mean inconsistent?
There are several Owen Michaels
who grew up in Newton, Massachusetts,
and a few who graduated
from Princeton University.
But the only Owen Michaels who's
from Newton and went to Princeton
is 78 years old
and now lives with his partner,
Theo Silverstein,
in Provincetown, Massachusetts.
That's not possible.
My guy couldn't find a marriage license
for Owen Michaels or Olivia Miller.
He also couldn't find any evidence
that Owen and Olivia ever owned
a home in Seattle.
Wait, I don't understand, I--
He couldn't find anything on Bailey, either.
No Seattle birth certificate of
a Bailey Michaels born in the early 2000s.
No hospital birth records.
No preschool registration.
My guy is pretty sure there's
no record of any kind
for either Owen or Bailey prior
to Sausalito.
Really?
Basically,
Owen and Bailey Michaels don't exist.
Hannah?